PEM - install clarification (#3272)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/installing_pem_server/pem_server_inst_linux/prerequisites.mdx

Postres Enterprise Manager requires a Postgres server running either [EDB Postgres Advanced Server](/epas/latest) or [PostgresSQL](/supported-open-source/postgresql/) version 11 or later to hold the Postgres Enterprise Manager backend database. 
  
  1. Set up the repository

     Setting up the repository is a one-time task. If you have already set up your repository, you do not need to perform this step.

     -  To set up the EDB repository, go to [EDB repositories](https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads) and follow the instructions provided there.

>      -  To set up the PostgreSQL community repository, go to [yum](https://www.postgresql.org/download/linux/redhat/) or [apt](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt).

Reviewer: We could add a note here that this is only required if you are not using an EPAS backend (and even then you can sometimes do without it as Jun found!)

Author: added note and committed

  2. Install the Postgres server. See [Installing EDB Postgres Advanced Server on Linux](/epas/latest/epas_inst_linux) or [Installing PostgreSQL](/supported-open-source/postgresql/installer/).
  
  3. Configure authentication on the Postgres server by updating the `pg_hba.conf` file. The `pg_hba.conf` file manages connections. Verify that the `pg_hba.conf` file allows connections from the PEM server, the monitoring PEM agent, and the host of the Apache web server server. Pointers for configuring access:
  
     - PEM server connects to the PEM backend database as a superuser using password authentication. On Linux platforms, this requires you to add a new superuser that authenticates using a password.
     

>      - To allow the new superuser to connect using password authentication, add a line `pg_hba.conf` that allows `host` connections using `md5` authentication.

Reviewer: I should have said md5 *or scram-sha-256* authentication. The default changed in pg14 I think.

Author: updated and committed

      -   If you're using PostgreSQL, make sure you have access to the PostgreSQL community repository ([yum](https://www.postgresql.org/download/linux/redhat/), [apt](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt)), and then install the sslutils extension and the hstore contrib module: 

          For RHEL/AlmaLinux/Rocky Linux 8:
          
          ```shell
          dnf install sslutils_<x> postgresql<x>-contrib
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

          For RHEL/OL/CentOS 7:
          
          ```shell
          yum install sslutils_<x> postgresql<x>-contrib
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

          For Debian/Ubuntu:
          
          ```shell
          apt install postgresql-<x>-sslutils
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

          For SLES:
          
          ```shell
          zypper install sslutils_<x> postgresql<x>-contrib
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

      !!! Note For Debian and Ubuntu users     

>           The postgres community repository for apt (used by Debian and Ubuntu) does not include `sslutils` and therefore this must be installed from the EDB repository along with [PEM](/installing_pem_server_using_edb_repository/index.mdx).

Reviewer: This probably isn't needed anymore as the repos are both installed.

Author: I think if they have installed Postgres using Postgres community repos then this note is required.

Author: @sonotley, If you agree with this, we can take this PR further if not, let's discuss this over call.

Reviewer: agreed

          
          Debian 10 and Ubuntu 20 changed the requirements for accepting certificates.

>             -   If you want to install the PEM agent on any of the machines, you must upgrade sslutils to 1.3 where 4096-bit RSA key and sha256 signature algorithm support was added.

Reviewer: I know this isn't new in this PR, but I find the talk of 'upgrading' confusing given that these instructions are for a fresh install and that all the repos (I think) give v1.3 by default. Do we need to mention this at all? If so maybe we can clarify that it only applies if you already have an old version of SSLUtils?

Author: updated and committed

Postres Enterprise Manager requires a Postgres server running either [EDB Postgres Advanced Server](/epas/latest) or [PostgresSQL](/supported-open-source/postgresql/) version 11 or later to hold the Postgres Enterprise Manager backend database. 
  
  1. Set up the repository

     Setting up the repository is a one-time task. If you have already set up your repository, you do not need to perform this step.

     -  To set up the EDB repository, go to [EDB repositories](https://www.enterprisedb.com/repos-downloads) and follow the instructions provided there.

     -  To set up the PostgreSQL community repository, go to [yum](https://www.postgresql.org/download/linux/redhat/) or [apt](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt).
   
   !!! Note

>        Setup the PostgreSQL community repository is required only if you are using PostgreSQL as the backend database for PEM server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The PostgreSQL community repository is required only if you are using PostgreSQL as the backend database for PEM server.
```

          For RHEL/AlmaLinux/Rocky Linux 8:
          
          ```shell
          dnf install sslutils_<x> postgresql<x>-contrib
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

          For RHEL/OL/CentOS 7:
          
          ```shell
          yum install sslutils_<x> postgresql<x>-contrib
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

          For Debian/Ubuntu:
          
          ```shell
          apt install postgresql-<x>-sslutils
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

          For SLES:
          
          ```shell
          zypper install sslutils_<x> postgresql<x>-contrib
          ```

          Where `<x>` is the Postgres server version.

      !!! Note For Debian and Ubuntu users     
          The postgres community repository for apt (used by Debian and Ubuntu) does not include `sslutils` and therefore this must be installed from the EDB repository along with [PEM](/installing_pem_server_using_edb_repository/index.mdx).
          
          Debian 10 and Ubuntu 20 changed the requirements for accepting certificates.

>             -   If you want to install the PEM agent on any of the machines with an old version of sslutils, then you must upgrade sslutils to 1.3. Version 1.3 has a 4096-bit RSA key and sha256 signature algorithm support added to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            -   If you want to install the PEM agent on a machine with an old version of sslutils, then you must upgrade sslutils to 1.3. Version 1.3 has a 4096-bit RSA key and sha256 signature algorithm support added to it.
```
